---
published: false
title: How Invested Are You?
author: Henaa Mall
---
Being an internationally trained lawyer in Canada, I was petrified of what ‘the future might hold for me’ given the stories of struggle and sweat that I had heard. And, while my struggle has not ended, the journey hitherto has taught me some valuable lessons. 

I landed in the middle of the pandemic! Due to one lockdown after another I couldn’t really explore the country, and therefore, all my previous checklists on networking, tapping into the legal market etc., were no longer relevant. 

18 months hence, I have a new checklist based on lived experience: 

1. First step towards gaining recognition, is recognizing yourself. You want the world to champion you? Start off by being your own champion. Celebrate who you truly are! You have great grades? Talk about them. You have written papers? Share their links. You love music? Write that in your bio/cover letter. Let people know about your choices, interests, hobbies to truly know who you are. Go beyond ‘law’ and talk about accomplishments in other areas of your life. You never know ‘WHAT’ might land you work. 

2. Be invested and interested in the process 
Time is money and so the more time you give to the process of familiarizing yourself with the market, the higher the chances of being welcomed by it. Investment of time and energy is perhaps the best
investment you can make and 5 years later, you will remember this investment as the best you ever made. Furthermore, the level of your interest determines the level of success and therefore, be genuinely interested in it because most people can see through disingenuous attempts. 

3. Different scales for different starting points. Your career path needs to be designed to suit your needs and aspirations. When your ‘suits’ are cut as per your size why should your career be any different? Design it keeping in mind your long-term goals. Your starting lines weren’t the same, why should your finishing lines be? 

4. Learning is a CONSTANT! Law schools do not prepare us for what lies ahead. Sometimes, the challenges that a young lawyer faces appear insurmountable and it, therefore, becomes imperative that you never stop learning. Enrol for courses that offer skill enhancement, go for IT trainings, reach out to senior lawyers for mentorship, seek solutions by turning to your network – in nutshell, never stop learning to cope with the curveballs that will come your way.